Getting And Cleaning Data Assignment
====================================

Repository for Cousera: https://class.coursera.org/getdata-015

> run_analysis.R should do the following:
   
>   1)  Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
 
>   2)  Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. 
 
>   3)  Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
 
>   4)  Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names. 
   
>   5)  From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average
>       of each variable for each activity and each subject.

>     Please upload the tidy data set created in step 5 of the instructions. 

>     Please upload your data set as a txt file created with write.table() using row.names=FALSE 
>     (do not cut and paste a dataset directly into the text box, as this may cause errors 
>     saving your submission).

Repository structure
====================

> -README.md, this file.

> -codebook.md, contains the description of variables produced by run_analysis.R

> -run_analysis.R, is the R script that produces the tidyData.txt file 

> -DatasetHumanActivityRecognitionUsingSmartphones.txt, is the file generated by run_analysis.R, which contains the tidy data set
generate from supplied data set

Running the run_analysis.R script
===============================

> 1) create a directory on your local machine where you would like to clone the repository

> 2) change directory into what you created in #1

> 3) clone this repository : git clone https://github.com/djsnowsill/GettingAndCleaningDataAssignment

> 4) change directory into the GettingAndCleaningDataAssignment directory

> 5) start R from the command line

> 6) source("run_analysis.R") 

How the, run_analysis.R script works
====================================
> Review the run_analysis.R script in the root of the cloned repository.

> The script contains extensive comments which explains what the script is doing

